On our current road trip of baseball, brews, hockey and diners, we decided to try Gab & Eat based on yelpers rating putting it #1 for breakfast in Pittsburgh area. We have to agree with most other reviewers that this is a place to eat.
We arrived around noon on Saturday and were happy there were a couple open tables. The place is tucked at the end of a strip mall and you have to look to find it. There is plenty of parking.
Inside the decor is quaint and funky at the same time. Country style decorations and signs are mixed with nostalgia signs & posters. Most interesting are all the signatures and comments written on the wall by past customers. We regretted not having a marker to add ours. The other highlight was three large white boards with trivia questions - fun way to spend time waiting for food.
The waitstaff there is...uh, experienced. They are attentive, pleasant and efficient.
After reading reviews I had to try the Mixed Grill. But S went with pancakes with a side of bacon. The pancakes were outstanding...maybe the best either of us has eaten. They were thick but with light texture and rich flavor. 
His bacon was cooked just as requested - as crisp as possible - and very flavorful.
The Mixed Grill is a mixed together concoction of eggs, potatoes, onions, peppers, cheese, and spicy Italian sausage grilled together. I'm glad I heeded those who stressed going with the half size order. It filled a full sized dinner plate with a heaping order. I couldn't finish it all and that's rare. How do they serve the whole potion -- in a trough?
Everything was cooked well. The sausage added a nice bite to offset the somewhat plain potatoes. You can build your own mix but the basic was a good mix.
My only complaint was the amount of potato and that they are pretty plain. I like home fries with lots of seasoning that have aged on the grill. These potatoes were pretty uniform chunks with little seasoning. Personal preference.
It usually comes with Italian toast but they were out so I went with raisin. It was delicious soft inch thick slices.
Coffee was excellent and the cup stayed full. The total was less than $15. Fabulous value for the quality and portions.
While I can't say it's the best breakfast in Pittsburgh (only here 3 days), its the best so far and one of the best we've had.